Grandpa, I'm back.
I brought a friend by the way
Oh Nian Nian
Grandpa hurry hurry hurry
Go, go, go, you know
get to know
Oops Nian Nian
Are you hungry so late?
I'll ask the new Ann to cook a bowl of noodles for you
And he was right.
You helped me last time.
I haven't apologized to you in person yet.
Don't bother.
Grandpa, I also want to thank you.
Tonight if not
Qiao Yancheng, yes
If it weren't for Qiao Yancheng tonight
Sir, my life may be on the line
Life on the line
Qiao Yancheng
Qiao Yancheng, the richest man in the country
It's fine, it's fine
Grandpa!
Do you also think he misses you like someone?
Ah!
It's okay, you heard me, I don't mean it.
I just think you are special
Like my lost sister of over 20 years
Every year, I have something to ask you
Do you have a golden longevity lock on you?
Yes. How do you know that?
My long-life lock is still engraved with a face.
Ouch, I knew it. You must be my granddaughter.
I made that longevity lock myself.
That face is knocked by me
I keep it.
You are really my grandfather
every year
So many years
You suffered.
I'm going to prepare a grand return banquet
To tell the world
My granddaughter has found out
younger sister
You haven't been here for 20 years
Brother will prepare gifts for you every year.
I won't miss every birthday of yours in the future.
circle
Hahaha
If only my Yingying were so sensible